hi I'm Charles miles footwear buyer for
the summit I want to talk to you today
about the innovate trail rock to 35 to
45 and 255 we've carried innovate trail
product in the store for years now and
certainly one of our go to favorites is
the rock like 295 is a great shoe really
aggressive outsole that provides
fantastic grill and a nice lacing system
that locks your foot if there is
anything that we would change about this
year for some folks just a little bit
narrow right up through here okay that
295 has the same uses the same last as
this F light 195 also a popular shoe in
the store and this accommodates
different widths because of the mesh up
in front but still for some folks just a
little bit narrow up through here so we
were really excited about this trail
rock series because it keeps the great
features on previous models but with a
different last that gives you more room
up front so on all of these trail rocks
we've got a tribe density salt this is
going to give you a great blend of
durability and grip and nice aggressive
pattern going to be great especially on
loose terrain
we've got these TPU overlays that hook
into the lysis really helps hold your
foot in place now one neat thing about
this series is that we have a choice you
can do zero drop on the 235 this is
going to be the most flexible okay and
zero drop you can step up to the 245 now
we have a 3 millimeter drop we have a
little bit more support and protection
or you can go up to the 255 okay a lot
more protection around the foot under
the foot and a bit stiffer six
millimeters a drought so this is really
great because if these shoes work for
you you can really pick which model you
want to do based on either the terrain
personal preference whatever works for
you there's no right choice between
these models it's really what works for
you and it's great to have all three of
these as an option thank you